RHIDP-7038: Doc air-gapped installation on K8s platforms with Helm (#1101)
redhat-developer/red-hat-developers-documentation-rhdh: assemblies/assembly-install-rhdh-airgapped-environment-k8s-helm.adoc

> [id="assembly-install-rhdh-airgapped-environment-k8s-helm_{context}"]

Reviewer: > Create assembly and module file names that accurately and closely reflect the title of the assembly or module.
> At the top of every module, provide an anchor in the format [id="filename_{context}"] where filename is the exact name of the file, without the file extension (.adoc) and a module prefix. 

See https://redhat-documentation.github.io/modular-docs/#module_anchor-and-file-names-concept

Author: The id does match the filename; what is the issue?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[id="installing-rhdh-on-a-supported-kubernetes-platform-in-an-air-gapped-environment-with-the-helm-chart_{context}"]
```

Author: I think this is fine as-is. The main thing is that the filename and id match, which they do.
